Update the Client.rb docs (#2100)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/config_rb_client.rst

> A client.rb file is used to specify the configuration details for Chef Infra Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client.rb file specifies how Chef Infra Client is configured on a node and has the following characteristics:
```

> * This file is loaded every time the chef-client executable is run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This file is loaded every time the chef-client executable is run.
```

   The node UUID used by Automate. Setting this allows the node UUID to be specified, and can be carried across instances of a node.

``chef_license``
   Used to accept the Chef license. Can be set to ``accept`` or ``accept-no-persist``, which persists the license acceptance to disk. If passed to versions where the license is not required this configuration option is a no-op.

``chef_repo_path``

>    The path to the chef-repo containing cookbooks and other files such as environments or data bags when running Chef Infra Client in local mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The path to the chef-repo containing cookbooks and other files, such as environments or data bags, when running Chef Infra Client in local mode.
```

      https://localhost/organizations/ORG_NAME

``chef_zero.enabled``

>    Enable chef-zero. This setting requires ``local_mode`` to be set to ``true``. Default value: ``true`` if running in local-mode. Otherwise``false``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Enable chef-zero. This setting requires ``local_mode`` to be set to ``true``. Default value: ``true`` if running in local-mode, otherwise ``false``.
```

   The number of helper threads available for parallel cookbook synchronization. Increasing this value **may** increase the frequency of gateway errors from the Chef Infra Server (503 and 504 errors). Decreasing this number reduces the frequency of gateway errors, if present. Default value: ``10``.

``data_bag_decrypt_minimum_version``

>    The minimum required version of data bag encryption. Possible values: ``0``, ``1``, and ``2``. It is recommended to use ``2`` for additional encrypted data bag security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The minimum required version of data bag encryption. Possible values: ``0``, ``1``, and ``2``. We recommend that you use ``2`` for additional encrypted data bag security.
```

Author: I reworked this in another push

   Turn on path sanity in resources that shellout so that expected paths like /sbin or /bin are added to the PATH. Disabled by default.

``environment``
   The name of the Chef Infra environment.

``environment_path``
   The path to the environment file. Default value: ``/var/chef/environments``.

``exit_status``

>    When set to ``:enabled``, Chef Infra Client will use `standardized exit codes <https://github.com/chef/chef-rfc/blob/master/rfc062-exit-status.md#exit-codes-in-use>`_ for Chef Infra Client run status, and any non-standard exit codes will be converted to ``1`` or ``GENERIC_FAILURE``. This setting can also be set to ``:disabled`` to use the pre Chef Infra Client 13 exit code behavior. Default value: ``nil``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When set to ``:enabled``, Chef Infra Client will use `standardized exit codes <https://github.com/chef/chef-rfc/blob/master/rfc062-exit-status.md#exit-codes-in-use>`_ for the Chef Infra Client run status, and any non-standard exit codes will be converted to ``1`` or ``GENERIC_FAILURE``. This setting can also be set to ``:disabled`` to use the pre-Chef Infra Client 13 exit code behavior. Default value: ``nil``.
```

   Run Chef Infra Client in local mode. This allows all commands that work against the Chef Infra Server to also work against the local chef-repo.

``lockfile``

>    The location of the Chef Infra Client lock file. This value is typically platform-dependent, so should be a location defined by ``file_cache_path``. The default location of a lock file should not on an NFS mount. Default value: a location defined by ``file_cache_path``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The location of the Chef Infra Client lock file. This value is typically platform dependent, so it should be a location defined by ``file_cache_path``. The default location of a lock file should not be on an NFS mount. Default value: a location defined by ``file_cache_path``.
```
